{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Geneva;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10240\viewh13320\viewkind0
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\f0\fs72 \cf0 Reckless Drivin'\

\fs24 \

\fs28 Burning Rubber 2\

\fs24 \

\fs20 v1.53 \'a92000-2007 by jonas echterhoff\

\fs24 \

\fs36 Readme File
\fs24 \
\

\fs20 1. What is Reckless Drivin' ?\
\
Reckless Drivin' is a new action game for the Mac. It's gameplay is similar to it's predecessor, Burning Rubber, a Mac shareware game I released in 1996. In Burning Rubber one had to drive a car through 2-dimensional levels as fast as possible, leaving as much destruction as possible on the way. \
Reckless Drivin' follows the same basic principle, however, it has been completely rewritten from scratch, and it employs a new graphics engine featuring smooth, dynamically zoomed, scrolling 16-bit graphics. The physics simulation has been redesigned to realistically resemble skidding and tire tracks on different road surfaces. \
\
To learn how to play the game, click on the 'Help' button in the Reckless Drivin' main menu, or just start a new game, and see for yourself.\
\
\
2. Version History\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ul \ulc0 New in version 1.54 (11/05/2007)\
\ulnone -Fixed a bug which would cause the game to quite with a "-1708 @ EventLoop" error, which became apparent under OS X Leopard.\
\ul \
New in version 1.53 (10/30/2007)\
\ulnone -Fixed a minor issue with the Kagi registration code on Mac OS X Leopard.  \
\ul \
New in version 1.52 (12/8/2005)\
\ulnone -Fixed a minor issue when Parental Controls are enabled in MacOS X.  \
\
\ul New in version 1.51 (10/10/2005)\
\ulnone -Fixed the "SetScreenClut" error.\
-Should fix a bug where the title screen could be filled with random garbage on low-end graphics hardware.\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \ul New in version 1.5 (12/7/2004)\
\ulnone -Now uses OpenGL, resulting in much smoother graphics.\
-Registration is now possible from within the Application, without waiting for an email or having to manually enter a code.\
-This version requires Mac OS X 10.2 or higher.\ul \
\ulnone \
\ul New in version 1.44 (1/27/2003)\
\ulnone -Fixed a bug (hopefully) which could cause the game to crash when cops are chasing the player.\ul \
\
New in version 1.43 (11/2/2002)\
\ulnone -Fixed HID support under Jaguar.\
-Fixed a problem with opening Add-on level files under OS X.\ul \
\
New in version 1.42 (4/22/2002)\
\ulnone -Fixed a crash-bug on non-USB-equipped macs.\ul \
\
New in version 1.41 (4/11/2002)\
\ulnone -Fixed some HID-Manager related problems.\ul \
\
New in version 1.4 (3/27/2002)\
\ulnone -Added some support for gamepads under MacOS X using the HID Manager. See the Mac OS X section of the Readme for more info.\
-Added Force-Feedback Support. You can now play Reckless Drivin' using the MacAlly iShock II, which lets you actually *feel* the car skidding and crashing into other cars.\
-Fixed a bug which could cause the game not to remember your track record times.\
\ul \
New in version 1.31 (2/21/2002)\
\ulnone -Fixed a small incompatibility with Mac OS X 10.1.3, that would make the screen stay black after ending a game.\
\ul \
New in version 1.3 (5/4/2001)\
\ulnone -Now works with Mac OS X Final. You need to upgrade your System to MacOS X 10.0.2 for Reckless Drivin' to run, since older versions of MacOS X had a buggy DrawSprocket Library (See Mac OS X readme below).\
-Fixed a bug which would cause the game to crash when you shot a missile at the tunnel walls in level 8.\
-Fixed a bug which would allow you to skip most of level 5 under some rare circumstances.\ul \
\
New in version 1.2a (1/18/2001)\
\ulnone -Fixed the -30561 error many people had with v1.2.\
\ul \
New in version 1.2 (1/16/2001)\ulnone \
-Carbonized the game, enabling you to run the game natively under MacOS X. CarbonLib is now required to run the game.\
-The game will now remember the last name entered into the high score list.\
-Fixed those misspellings in the game (this time for real).\
-Added an FAQ section to the Readme.\
\
\ul New in version 1.1 (10/8/2000)\
\ulnone -Created a workaround for a bug in older versions of Sound Manager which would cause the game to crash when the player car crashes. However, this workaround may result in stuttering engine sounds and worse performance, so upgrading to a newer version of Sound Manager is *highly* recommended.\
-Fixed a memory leak bug which would cause the game to crash when playing through all levels several times.\
-Added the ability to load add-on level files created by RDEdit (registered users only).\
-Fixed a few misspellings in the game and documentation (and probably introduced new ones). \
-Pressing the esc key on the game finished screen will no longer abort the game, just close the screen. \
\
3. Requirements\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural
\cf0 -Any computer running Mac OS X 10.2 or higher.\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural
\cf0 4. Registering Reckless Drivin'\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Reckless Drivin\'92 is shareware. This means that you can try out the game for free, but you are limited to playing only the first three levels until you register. Registration costs only US $12. \
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 If you have a credit card and an internet connection, you can comfortably register online from within the game. Just hit the "Register now" button in the Registration dialog box and follow the instructions on screen. If you register from withing the game, The game will immediatley unlock, and you'll be able to play all levels of the game. You will also recieve an email with your registration code in case you have to enter it again later on (such as when you move to a new machine for example).\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural
\cf0 5. Frequently Asked Questions\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
Q: Are there any cheats?\
A: If there were any, do you think I would tell you?\
\
Q: In the cheat dialog what vehicle id#s can I enter? What are the numbers of the cop cars?\
A: Get RDEdit from http://reckless.x2.nu for a complete listing. However, note that you cannot drive the cop cars. Trying to do so will crash the machine.\
\
Q: Where can I download add-on levels for Reckless Drivin' - why don't you put up any onto the game's website?\
A: Because I have not yet received any user-submissions. If you manage to create something fun with RDEdit, feel free to mail me.\
\
Q: Where can I get a PC/Windows version of the game?\
A: You can't. There is no PC version, and there won't be one, because a) I have no PC, b) I have no programming experience with PC's, and c) I don't want to work on PC's.\
\
Q: When will there be a networked version of Reckless Drivin'?\
A: There won't. A networked Reckless Drivin' would require a different basic structure of the game, meaning the need to completely rewrite most of the game. Also, I don't think that RD is suited to be a good network game, it's gameplay is too short-natured.\
\
Q: When I drive off the road I immediately die. That's unrealistic!\
A: Who said that arcade games were realistic in the first place? The game wouldn't really make any sense if you could just drive around off the road and never die.\
\
Q: What programming language did you use to create Reckless Drivin'?\
A: Plain C (No C++).\
\
Q: What sprite library did you use for Reckless Drivin'?\
A: The sprite code is all written by myself. I'm not aware of a currently available sprite library which could do all the dynamic rotation of sprites and other things RD does.\
\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural
\cf0 6. 'Legal Stuff'\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
-Reckless Drivin' may be freely distributed, as long as all the files that came with the original package are included.\
-CD-ROM magazines may put Reckless Drivin' on their discs without my former permission. However, I insist on getting a message from anybody distributing Reckless Drivin' on a CD to keep track of the game's distribution. Also, if you intend to publish any reviews or articles on the game, please send me a copy of the magazine!\
-Modified versions of Reckless Drivin' or any of it's files may not be distributed without my permission.\
-Reckless Drivin' serial numbers may not be redistributed under any circumstances! Should I ever find a Reckless Drivin' serial number anywhere on the net, I can easily find out whom it belongs to!\
-Using serial numbers databases or cracks is unfair.\
If you manage to crack Reckless Drivin' by yourself I can accept that. Please mail me how you did it, so i can improve protection in future versions ;-)\
-I am not responsible for any damage (including loss of data, burned out computers, car accidents or brain damage) caused by Reckless Drivin'.\
\
\pard\tx566\tx1133\tx1700\tx2267\tx2834\tx3401\tx3968\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6236\tx6803\ql\qnatural
\cf0 7. Contacting Me\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural
\cf0 \
-email: \
      joni@kagi.com\
-web: \
      Reckless Drivin' Homepage: http://reckless.x2.nu \
}